AI Planning & R&D Kickoff
Mon, Mar 2, 2026

0:00 - Aditya#+#Sandeep Shah
Ritika just hold on for a minute. Just hold on for a minute.

1:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello yes.

1:19 - Ritika
How are you?

1:25 - Ritika
Can you hear me?

1:28 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
OK, cool.

1:30 - Sandeep Shah
So team is joining just a second.

1:39 - Sandeep Shah
Yeah, so let me. First tell you about the team. Jill and Nishant. Nishant is managing the complete backend part and Jill is the team lead for the project. And I'm the one who handles the overall project. I'm the project manager. So you will be closely working with Jill and Nishant moving further.

2:08 - Unidentified Speaker
You can hear me, right?

2:15 - Sandeep Shah
So what we will do is like, like, uh, I will just quickly share my screen and show you the features that are mostly involved with the AI part. So then you guys can, uh, move forward and we'll be creating a team's group, uh, where we can do an internal communication in here directly with the, with your team and my team.

2:45 - Sandeep Shah
I think you're not. I cannot hear you.

2:48 - Ritika
So can you see my screen? OK, fine. So right now when we are doing the development.

2:55 - Sandeep Shah
We have some feedback Let me share you. You have the Figma access.

3:29 - Sandeep Shah
The one of them is the recently that we will be working would be this part where we can do while uploading an image. It will fetch all the details from the image okay and the things needs to be aligned and this can be on any of the document okay so we will do the OCR part while what like we can fetch the text from the image but aligning it with the name with that specific name like so the AI I believe AI would need an involvement here like making the value pair properly aligned with each of them right so this is one of the part and the other one is I will come back here again this one this is a client you have an idea of the project over you or you do Okay, so I will just quickly

4:39 - Ritika
give you a detailed overview of the project. So, let me open that.

5:09 - Sandeep Shah
yeah so the project is about NDIS providers okay so NDIS is a national disability it's kind of an insurance for the disabled people okay so it's basically an entity in Australia okay national disability insurance scheme okay so the NDIS is an entity that provides an insurance to the participant that are the disabled people okay so you got this part NDIS provides the insurance to the client participant who are the disabled people okay okay but this disabled so they just provide the money to them but they do not provide the services or kind of help that is required for the for the disabled people like for an example I am disabled I am someone who is disabled and do not have I just want to go out I want to have someone who takes care of me on day to day basis provides me specific service for the travel purpose I just want to go to the garden in the morning and the evening so as a disabled someone they cannot do themselves right so there are service providers who are tied up with the NDIS and they have to follow rules and regulation as per the NDIS okay and they provide the services to the clients and receive the money okay so this is the main And we are building the portal for the service provider where the service provider will have the complete HR system, workforce management, then client management.

7:07 - Sandeep Shah
And the service that they provide, they can schedule the services. And the client pays based on what services they receive.

7:20 - Sandeep Shah
And the payment that goes to the service provider be internally shared with the employees and everything and so for that we have the payroll system too okay and there are other entities too like client has a guardian okay and an allied health professional is a part of it's a kind of a doctor who is who is already working with that client and guardian is like a parent or a brother or mother father something like that for that guard for that participant client. So here in the system we are calling the patient as client or participant because they are the main customers using which the system generates the revenue.

8:14 - Sandeep Shah
So this is an overview any confusion in this flow any if you want to understand more on any of this yeah right yeah right right so these are kind of service provider and they are like individual organizations so this organization can have their own staff this organization can have their own staff this organization can have their own own staff okay and they finally combining together give services to the participant and receive money from them and do the complete payroll system HR management and everything okay so so the system the client comes to system via an invitation from the web portal okay so as the client is participant is invited the participant is having only the mobile application okay they do not have the web access so they will have to just do the first time onboarding as they are invited okay so let me record for this session.

9:55 - Sandeep Shah
So as a client, let me show the web from where they are invited. So this is first time a service So service provider has also to register into the system. Okay, they will do the registration They will do the subscription flow. They each each service provider have their own subscription Okay to be the part of the system after the subscription. They will have to complete their Onboarding details. Okay, and after that they are sent for the approval and there is a master admin and who is controlling the complete system that is sena admin will check the documents and do the approval part okay after their account is approved I won't go screen by screen okay I will just I'm just giving an overview okay yeah so uh this is an pending screen where the account approval is pending for the service provider okay then when they are approved they can you here you can see there is a there are many different modules like dashboard, clients, workforce, shift, accounting, compliance and discover okay so client module is about client management where the client participant is invited into the system and their complete onboarding is managed here like for an example if I just invite someone a client they are into the invited state when they start filling a filling out the details from the application they are into the in progress state when they have completed the mobile onboarding flow they will be moved to the pending verification state automatic this is automatic movement okay there is no fix you cannot do the drag and drop here okay and when you are on this state the system admin the service provider admin can check the complete details of that client and approve their account okay each of these tabs that are from the mobile app are collected here you can see the tabination here okay I will show you that too here in the bottom you can see each tab each tab details also we are showing and here is plan about medication then stakeholder communication risk and documentation everything and as an so as an admin service provider admin so the service provider can have a manager a support coordinator there are different roles as an organization and I won't be directly dealing with the clients okay I would have some employees who can connect with the clients and help them with the onboarding and other processes right so the support coordinator is someone who handles the overall management the client getting into the system okay and a manager can be someone who can have different roles like they can handle multiple support coordinators multiple clients and under them just to take an overview of how the progress is going on and stuff like that okay and as in as a support coordinator service provider admin they can also update the details of the client from the portal itself okay preview form they can update the details okay there can be a scenario where the client do not have or is not able to update the details by themselves right so in that case they can also update details on behalf of the client okay so the main invitations comes from here you can see add client okay so when I click on add client I have two details the basic details of the client and if there are someone some people who can handle the client's details on behalf of the client okay so I can add them like a support coordinator or an allied health professional or their guardian okay I will just send a smart link invitation where they will receive an email after receiving an email the client will also receive receive an email the client will have to first reset the password from the link they receive and then they can log in into the system okay they just have to reset the password first and then they will have to log in okay as a first user first time user the client will redirect basically to this screen where they will have to complete their onboarding flow okay so on this screen there is a most important AI part like this is kind of a voice assistant here you can see on the screen right yeah so this is kind of a voice assistant where it will help the client for the complete onboarding steps wise like I am on the screen personal details so when they get into the screen the assistant will ask like if they need help on the onboarding process so if they it's kind of a communication like yeah do you want to get it to or help needed help for onboarding flow let me know how I can help you so the assistant will tell them like yeah there are many details like that needs to be filled out on this form if you want I can just go through one by one of each of the fields and ask you details and complete the form so they can the assistant would ask what's your name last name and one by one and fill out the details okay so it needs to be friendly okay it doesn't it should not sound like a robot or something it should be where if a user or a client does not hear something properly they can ask them to repeat also okay so it should be friendly like that so this assistant will continue till the last of this onboarding flow okay okay so the assistant is not just a QA chatbot it would be an agent which fills out the details yeah yeah it's kind of so I have just put an icon but it would be kind of a moving icon you know waves like when you speak where there is a voice which shrinks and expand something like that based on the communication okay this is the one where we'll be using the AI and the next would be this one and then on the web we have Sena AI where it's kind end of a chat module.

17:30 - Sandeep Shah
Yeah, this one.

17:35 - Sandeep Shah
Where there are different and modules in the system policies there are different policies that needs to be taken care by a service provider okay and this module chat part would be mostly used by the employees of the system or the service provider admin okay where they can check if there is any policy update or if they want to understand any specific policies okay just they click on this policy and then start chatting okay same way for the check shift huh sorry yeah yeah for the service providers and it needs to be limited to that specific service provider okay like we will be having tens of hundreds of service provider so each of their data should be bound in this chat not the other no way there is there should be no way where they can communicate and get the data of another service provider right so we need to bound out that way so here that's the thing and there are different modules like policies where there are different rules and regulation that needs to be followed as per the NDIS and the organization also have their own rules okay so as an employee I just want to know some specific service updates or just want to check on any policies understand them so I will just click on policies and I will I can just communicate based on that okay and then there is another shift check check shift is kind of there are shift schedules okay we also have roaster in the system where each each of the employee have their specific shifts scheduled with clients there can be some internal meetings scheduled okay so they can also check those things from the chat.

19:53 - Ritika
So is this data like the data will be provided to us or they would enter it directly by themselves because it can be confidential.

20:03 - Sandeep Shah
So it should be like we need to do this from the database directly.

20:12 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
Like the data.

20:15 - Ritika
Yeah, I was saying that the policies regarding the organization or in general policies.

20:23 - Sandeep Shah
No, no, it's it's related to the organization and there are some policies that are specifically based on the NDIS okay so that would be common but the service provider organization have their own policies too okay and some policies can be in the document form some can be directly added from the portal so you will have to fetch the documents to okay consider that scenario then procedures kind of procedures are the processes that are used into the system so procedures are kind of registers so what are registers let me give you an overview so registers are kind of library for keeping a note of specific things like for an example this is an asset registers where kind of assets a company or organization is using they are all listed and who is given what is the condition everything like this is for the asset management then other can be there can be document control where what documents are into the system what documents who is assigned with that document who has that document right those kind of things would be added into different kinds of registers we have around 20 registers okay asset management risk Planning plan register plan register is kind of if there is a there is any delay what could but like for an example client is assigned with someone and there has been delay on that and there could be a risk based on that delay so that is added here okay then risk asset role this is for the employee this is allegation if there is a kind of any allegations and or if any rules are not followed by any specific person so that is what it comes in this register so there are many different medication storage then medication collection and storage register then financial monthly report and participant supervision participant money and profit property okay so this kind of registers are what that can that will come into the procedures part okay and the last is the client information where the client who is onwarded into the system as an employee can know more about that client okay and this is one of the part and there is another also I will just show you that one this is for the employers part okay and this is for the admin the sena not the sena admin the service provider admin where there is one another option that is generate report okay so clicking on that generate report I can select a specific client and based on that client I can ask and generate a specific report okay and I will also share the report document so that the structure can be known to you what kind of reports will be generated and the reports will be generated based on the data that we have in the system okay this is the what the AI part will have and the other is yeah so the other is when the service is given to the specific participant okay the employer that goes to the participant and gives the service are called support workers okay support workers are someone who gives services to the participant physically on ground okay on their at their home okay so the support worker also have a mobile application okay and yeah here you can see there are two sections on the mobile screen of like client participant flow and the other one is staff flow this staff is a support worker this one I have already told you the this part AI okay and the other one is so the service that will be delivered to the client they will need to be scheduled properly ok in advance ok so let me show you the web first.

26:33 - Sandeep Shah
Yeah, so here you can see schedule a shift. So the organization service provider will schedule a specific shift based on the services required by the participant okay and so the scheduling a shift happens from the web once okay where the client who needs the service will be selected what kind of services they will need what would be the date and time of the services which support workers are assigned to that services what is the to-do list for that services what is the agenda for that shift then any note okay any specific flags like there are different scenarios like sleep over 24 hours care because based on this the costing the per hour rate changes okay so these details are also updated here okay and based on that this the staff the support worker will see a specific like for an example Matthews Matthews has some specific shift schedule with the client Johnson John Smith. Okay, so they will see this on their main screen. The upcoming shift next shift. Okay, so they will have to just clock on when they start the shift. Okay, and then they will have to review. So this review is about the client information. The complete line information is shown here so that they can check to whom they are going to give the services and this shift summary is the summary that is generated by AI from the past shift if any okay so that what happened on the past shift or what kind of services are delivered to that specific participant in the past we just summarize that and we show it here via AI okay if there are no past shift then we will not show this but if there are any past shift then we'll have to summarize it and this is the summary based on all the past shifts.

28:45 - Sandeep Shah
Okay, so if there are 10 shifts already done with that specific participant, so we'll show that so that the current support worker knows what happened in the past.

28:56 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
Okay with that specific participant when the services were given.

29:04 - Sandeep Shah
Okay, got this part? Yeah so they will review then after reviewing they can just start acknowledge as they acknowledge it the shift starts okay then they have the pause and complete option okay after they complete the shift they will have to update the time entry like for an example this is enabled because there can be a scenario where this application stopped working or there is a issue or if there is any allowance they need to update so we just show this screen after the completion of any shift okay so they can update the time log any break amount then any allowances okay and this allowances are optional so there can be a staff who can say this allowance and there can be a staff who do not see the allowances okay so we have created two screens for them and for the re-employment it's kind of any amount that a support worker paid on behalf of client okay so suppose the client do not have that cash to pay right now but the support worker paid so the support worker can reimburse that okay so when you enable that there is an option to upload the document okay this is the flow and when a shift completes there is a cash note cash note is an important process and in the case note also like there is an AI involved where the AI will ask about the complete shift how it goes what happened everything okay and based on that the case note will the AI assistant will fill out the complete shift case note sorry shift case note okay and this is important because the AI is important here because we have too much details that needs to be updated for the for any shift after the completion and the staff do not have much time generally because there can be a back-to-back shift or they do not have a gap in between the shift and it's like if they miss right now they would forget something to add later right so that's why we have added any yeah yeah please ask yeah yeah right correct okay so based on the case note okay this these three screens are of case note itself just an according one of is shown here okay and when you are done with this case note filling out okay there is a summary generated based on the case note okay like a complete review of that case note then if any flagged highlights like flagged means the participant flag can be different things that needs to be we will need to have that data from the official NDIS document what kind of thing should be flagged okay so that needs to be taken from the official for the knowledge base of the AI okay and So the summary and highlights can be generated using that entry there.

32:59 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
The support staff has entered, right?

33:05 - Ritika
But what about this flag?

33:08 - Sandeep Shah
So flag, flag, flag is something like it can be a scenario based on the data. Like for an example, there is always there should be always always a consent okay before doing anything like if I want to do something on behalf of you so I have to ask that first to you okay if you are falling down I will have to ask you if I can pick you I can help you on that something like that and there can be a scenario where the support worker didn't did what he need to do then the participant misbehaved or behaved in an inappropriate way that should not be the way that should be done okay so there are flags that are on the AD sorry official documentation there is also a register let me quickly go through that Also the employers can also ask the AI to help them schedule a shift. Like if there is any allotted shift on specific days or not they can ask stuff like that too.

34:45 - Sandeep Shah
yeah restrictive practice register where it's a it's a list of practices that are restricted and should be should not be done by any of the one like not be done by the participant or should not be done by the support worker okay so if anything happens that is restricted but it's done then that should be listed into the system okay so that kind of practices restrictive practices we can get it from the official documentation like Okay, it's like this is a document for the restrictive practices guide. So you will have to keep this document as a knowledge base for the identifying a restrictive practice.

36:01 - Sandeep Shah
So like will have to identify that based on what the support worker filled out into this case note. OK, and based on that data will have to identify if there is any restrictive practice done.

36:20 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
OK, so each of the fields mentioned here would have some sort of definition.

36:25 - Ritika
So yeah, can we get that from somewhere like this potential I will have to check that, but let me add a note here. Can you repeat? Definition of

36:59 - Sandeep Shah
of each field.

37:29 - Sandeep Shah
Okay, so now based on this Based on this summary based on the case not generated and the summary based on this You can you can see here a field did any incident occur Incident here is kind of any accident. Okay, so like accident can be there are different scenarios that I know about is like suppose a client is having is not able to eat properly okay and he has a choking issue always when he's not provided with a more of a liquid food when he eats a solid food food he has always a choking issue or or if he fell down something from somewhere if he has got he got injured okay so that kind of things can be noted or added in the incidents okay so if you do yes here okay then you will have to fill out the incident report okay and if you have done yes then after the summary we will have the draft incident okay and the draft incident will show because in the case note they will have to fill out everything okay whatever happened during the shift they will have to fill out everything okay this part and based on that if there is an incident also they will have to mention in there in short and based on that our detail incident reporting needs to be generated So when the draft is generated, I believe there needs to be some button so to fill out this. Because this generated draft will be verified. OK, I believe we can.

39:52 - Sandeep Shah
so this generated incident will be filled out in this part okay and so this case note and incident register they can also be filled out later okay so we have them separately also here you can see incident report and case note okay we can go in a specific shift and check if the report incident is added or not and this will show the shift only where the case note has incident yes okay Then the same will be on that.

40:51 - Sandeep Shah
It will be for only the staff.

41:14 - Sandeep Shah
Let me check. We help more.

41:44 - Sandeep Shah
Yeah, here on the roasters.

41:50 - Sandeep Shah
Here on the roasters, the schedule shift OK.

41:56 - Sandeep Shah
Based on the schedule shift, they can see the past shift data summarized.

42:05 - Sandeep Shah
It will show something like, I haven't opened it yet, just a second.

42:32 - Sandeep Shah
This is one of the dashboard where they can see the summary of the past handover is kind of a is not submitted for that specific shift.

42:47 - Sandeep Shah
We can see each all all of them and a common summary too. Okay, like for an example, Alexa has to shift done in past. Okay, so we can see the summary of those two past shift and total overall summary This is on the website and this is this can be accessed by a kind of a manager on the web or a support coordinator.

43:20 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
This is not on the application.

43:22 - Sandeep Shah
This is on the web. So support worker cannot access the website. They only have the mobile application.

43:33 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
Yeah, summaries of the case not submitted by the support workers.

43:49 - Sandeep Shah
And this is. It's the same thing.

44:00 - Sandeep Shah
This is the report monthly report summary.

44:08 - Sandeep Shah
This screen is not correct. The this one the side one, but this would be something.

44:17 - Sandeep Shah
report would look like an overview report and like when the approval happens it would be filled out on to the actual report and there is a specific document provided to us by the client for the report generation part like how the actual report looks like Let's go to this list also. This is what we already discussed while onboarding, right? Then case note and insight extraction that is on the mobile While doing the submitting or completing a case submitting.

45:22 - Unidentified Speaker
A shift.

45:25 - Sandeep Shah
This part. That we go on through.

45:32 - Sandeep Shah
And this one is the case not drafting this AI part here this one.

45:43 - Sandeep Shah
Incident and restrictive practice drafting this one. This incident draft.

46:03 - Sandeep Shah
This is the summary that we are showing shift starts before.

46:12 - Ritika#+#Sandeep Shah
Recommendation based on the, yeah.

46:17 - Ritika
This one, yeah.

46:23 - Sandeep Shah
And compliance audit.

46:27 - Sandeep Shah
We'll have some UIs or another UIs too, where there are different rules compliance we saw different registers right and so to maintain things if the things are maintained properly or not like for an example if some product that is been used for an example a laptop is been used by the organization ok and that laptop is added into the asset register ok but the things details are not up to date or if its follow if the system is following proper rules or not if some manager or support worker are provided with some specific task if their task is up to date or not if they are updating things properly or not so for that we have to generate sorry so for that we have to generate a report if the things are followed properly in the system or not for a specific service provider okay this is here hours are added zero because this is something same where there can be any risk detection that needs to be done risk dashboard we need to show the those things generated and show in the dashboard so that someone who has higher authority into the system can take a look into that and accordingly escalate the things to in the system further so that the issues can be fixed out.

48:28 - Sandeep Shah
support worker brief. Things, translate them.

49:12 - Sandeep Shah
also I have a video where me and Varun are discussing on this sections ok so should I that share that with you.

49:27 - Sandeep Shah
Me and Varun are discussing on this points this AI points okay and also like just go through each of them and based on the system if we need client was also asking like when can I connect with the AI team so just I believe we should get to know better first then we can connect with client okay when we start working on the real points okay so based on this yeah you can check what kind of R&D or things needs to be done or demo created on your site and the real data would be you would have some real data I believe around end of the March approximately end of the March okay because the real flow would be created on the system okay and before that you can ask me with any kind of data help if you need like for an example what kind of case note how the case note will look like what would be the data in a case note okay so I can help you generate some data so that you can give it a try on your side You have the Figma access, right?

50:54 - Sandeep Shah
All right. And I will create a teams group. I will send an invite teams and right so that we can all be in the same group and communicate if anything needed.

51:09 - Sandeep Shah
And you won't be able to share a document in the group. So if you want to share anything in the group, you just have to attach it on your Google Drive and share the link okay so I will add you and Aditya into the group okay hello okay all right all right so do let me know if anything required so that we can discuss further just go through the Figma screen and I will share that video too that I discussed with Varun based on this AI screens okay all right I will just give you an invitation after the All right. Thank you. Thank you for your time.